improve header customisation instructions (#406)
canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: docs/how-to/customise.rst

Adjust the header
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The header is the top section of a page template. By default, the starter pack template header contains your product's tag image and name (taken from the ``project`` setting in the :file:`docs/conf.py` file), a link to your product's page (if available), and a drop-down menu for "More resources". 

This configuration is sufficient for many cases but can be further customised. For example, you might want to add links to announcements or videos that are not part of the documentation.

> To override the default template header, create a new folder called ``_templates`` inside your ``.sphinx`` folder. Default templates are pulled from the ``canonical-sphinx`` extension. Copy `its header.html file <https://github.com/canonical/canonical-sphinx/blob/main/canonical_sphinx/theme/templates/header.html>`_ to your ``.sphinx/_templates`` folder and edit it as needed.

Author: I prefer to leave it out.

> To override the default template header, create a new folder called ``_templates`` inside your ``.sphinx`` folder. Default templates are pulled from the ``canonical-sphinx`` extension. Copy `its header.html file <https://github.com/canonical/canonical-sphinx/blob/main/canonical_sphinx/theme/templates/header.html>`_ to your ``.sphinx/_templates`` folder and edit it as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override the default template header, create a new folder called ``_templates`` in the same directory as your ``conf.py`` file. Default templates are pulled from the ``canonical-sphinx`` extension. Copy `its header.html file <https://github.com/canonical/canonical-sphinx/blob/main/canonical_sphinx/theme/templates/header.html>`_ to your ``_templates`` folder and edit it as needed.
```

As per other comment.

Finally, find the following line in :file:`docs/conf.py`:

.. code:: python

    #templates_path = ["_templates"]

Update it to:

.. code:: python
    

>     templates_path = [".sphinx/_templates"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    templates_path = ["_templates"]
```

If templated sections go into the `.sphinx` folder they will be flagged as conflicting when customised. It is common enough that these should be just placed in the `./docs` folder, rather than the `.sphinx` folder which is intended to not need manual changes.
